Added suggested changes to SQLi section (#13)
CSYClubIIITK/CTF-Guide: src/web-exploitation/intro-to-sqli/README.md

7. [Second Order Injections](second-order-injections.md)

> ## Basis to Tackle SQLi Challenges

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basics of SQL
```

> * Look for places from where data might be used to construct a query. Like a textbox, or the url of the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* User input from textboxes, URL parameters, etc may be used to construct a SQL query in the backend
```
add this point at the end and it'd be nice to have a small example to improve clarity and explain what happens in the backend at a high level
